[Jolyne] Why?
Why the hell did your heart
stop beating, Dad?
I don't believe
my father is actually dead.
I think he'll be okay
if I can get his Stand back.
I can help you.
I can explain
these new abilities.
What you have
is called a Stand Power.
I need to see her.
I've got questions...
Jolyne Cujoh.
[Jolyne] I see.
So... Ermes has a Stand too.
-And about the discs...
-[affirming grunt]
I know it sounds crazy,
but I'm telling you the truth.
When Ermes put the memory disc
back into McQueen,
he suddenly came back
to life.
It's like he regenerated!
If we can somehow
retrieve those discs, Jolyne,
then I have complete faith
your father will surely...
So tell me,
what'd you do with the discs
that were in that man?
I'm keeping them safe
with me.
They're both right here.
If Ermes were to take them
into her cell,
the guards would
definitely find them
during the body check.
I won't be giving
the Stand disc back to him,
but I'll return the disc with
his memories
after some time passes.
McQueen's memory disc...
On this CD,
there are memories that
can give me
some idea of
who's behind Pale Snake.
And maybe...
even memories about the discs
from my old man.
[low rumbling]
[bubbling]
[sloshing]
[inmate 1 gasps, screams]
[whimpering in terror]
[inmate 2 yells] It's coming!
[inmate 1 panting heavily]
[grunts] Hurry up!
Help! Help me with the door.
I was minding my business,
doing my job.
All I did was touch the tire!
Why is this happening?
[whimpers]
[gasping] Just hurry!
[inmate 2 whimpering]
[inmate 1]
Get your ass in here!
We gotta close the door!
Get up and help me out!
[grunts] Yeah.
[both straining]
It's so heavy! [grunting]
Give it your all!
We're almost there!
Keep pulling!
-[inmate 2 grunts]
-What's wrong with you?
Pull harder or we're both
gonna die in here!
[squelches]
Huh?
Bro, those ain't my arms.
What the hell?
I know...
The one who wasn't pulling
hard enough was me.
Get outta here
before it's too late!
[screaming in terrori]
-[whimpering]
-[screaming]
[gasps]
-[indistinct noises]
-[whimpering]
[inmate 2 screaming]
[opening theme song playing]
[Locobaroco exhales] What nice
weather we're having today.
Although, little Ms. Charlotte,
I hear there's been
some commotion
happening on
the grounds lately.
Would you mind telling us why
we've gathered
everyone here today?
Earlier this morning,
two inmates who were working
on the farm suddenly
disappeared without a trace.
Are you serious?
Oh, wow!
That is absolutely awful!
[Charlotte]
It's unthinkable that
these two inmates
were able to escape.
Could they have fallen into
the marshland and drowned?
Or been bitten by a snake?
Regardless, we have to do
everything we can
to find those two right now!
[Jolyne] Why aren't you
considering the possibility
that an alligator could've
had them for breakfast?
Might've been a female one.
Hold it! Which one
of you said that nonsense?
No way! I did no such thing.
My diet is criminal free,
thank you!
Hm, well, on to business...
We're putting together
a search party,
and I'll be needing
a select few of you ladies
to do the deed.
You will not
receive compensation,
nor will any time be docked
from your sentences.
I'm merely requesting
you help us
out of the kindness
of your hearts.
Any volunteers?
[sighs]
[gasps]
[stiffly exhales]
What are you doing, Jolyne?
You literally
just got out of solitary.
Why are you trying to tire
yourself out even more?
Maybe because
you're not going to be there.
What?
Now, let's see.
Five of you should do.
Guard, I'll leave
the precautions to you.
In order to prevent
attempts at escaping,
we've got these
nifty bracelets.
All inmates going
to the farm must wear them.
We call them "Like a Virgins,"
but they're also known
as "invisible bars."
I'm only gonna say this once.
If you hit these
with any type of force,
try taking them off,
or even destroy them,
they will explode immediately.
[gasps]
Also, I have the base unit
on my wrist.
If you go any more than
50 meters away,
they'll detonate.
Let me tell you,
it's gonna be real hard
to wipe your ass
if you don't have a wrist!
[door buzzing]
[door opening]
[engine roaring]
Alright, you five,
show me some hustle!
Fifty meters, huh?
[both gasp]
[Ermes] Ugh! We have to run
to keep up with you?!
[Jolyne] Wa--
Wait just a second! Hey!
Okay! From here,
we'll split up
and search in every direction!
That grassy thicket you see
over there is a marsh,
and it's chock full
of alligators,
so watch
where you're trekking!
[wood creaking]
Safe to say it's not in here.
[Ermes] Why'd you volunteer
for this scavenger hunt,
Jolyne?
Though, I am glad
you decided to come along.
I've got a few questions
for you,
and I'd like some answers.
About this whole
disc situation,
and more importantly,
this Pale Snake guy
I've heard so much about.
Before that, answer this.
Did you see
what was on that disc?
The one from the inmate
named McQueen.
Huh? Yeah,
I gave it a look over,
but messing with that thing
made me feel horrible.
Whenever I touched it,
this awful smell
assaulted my senses.
So, you didn't notice it then.
Huh?
If you take a closer look
at the footage
that was recorded,
you'll see there's a clue
that could reveal
Pale Snake's intentions.
[whirring]
[straining grunts]
McQueen, my child.
This disc is perfect for you.
It'll suit you well.
It shall be yours now.
Take this Stand ability
and prosper.
[Ermes] He's got more of
these stockpiled
in the farm tractor's tire?
There had to be at least
two dozen more discs
hidden away in there!
Understand what
he's trying to do now?
He's probably
been robbing Stand Users,
taking their memories
and abilities
for his personal collection!
[gasps]
With the amount of discs
that he's gathered together,
he'd need to make sure other
inmates and guards
couldn't discover them,
hence the secluded
hiding spot.
No one'd ever check a tire.
My dad's might be there too.
The discs with Star Platinum
and his memories
have got to be hidden away
with the rest.
Huh? Your dad?
So the whole reason
you're doing this
is to find your dad's?
[gasps]
Uh, anyway...
Sorry, but that's about
all I know
regarding this situation.
[wood creaks]
I'm gonna go look
for that tractor.
[exhales, grunts]
[rustling]
We're looking
for a tractor, huh? [chewing]
[gulps] Seeing as
we're on a farm,
there are probably gonna be
a lot of them.
[gasps]
-[eerie music playing]
-That storehouse...
[motorcycle approaching]
[guard] Hey!
You two ladies sure look like
you're having a grand
ole time over here!
What do you think
you're out here for, a picnic?
Cut the chit-chat
and get to searching!
Actually, we were just
about to check
that building over there.
If you'll excuse me.
You're the one who made us
chase you like dogs earlier.
I'd say it's you
who's having fun.
Hold it! You there!
Did you say something just now?
Nah, not particularly.
I was only giving
my solemn vow
to run around this farm and
search like a good little dog.
[annoyed grunt]
She rubs me the wrong way.
Huh?
Looks like an alligator's.
[chuckles]
I told you hold it
right there!
Who do you think you are
looking down on me?
-I'm the one in charge here!
-[metal clanks]
-[gasps]
-[bracelet beeps]
-Oopsie!
That was a complete accident,
you know?
It was a coincidence
that my baton was swinging
at the same spot
as your wrist.
[grunts] Why is it
making this sound?
This doesn't mean
what I think it does, does it?
I didn't actually hit
that thing, you know?
You saw what happened.
It was an accident.
Blame yourself.
Hey! This thing ain't gonna
go off for real, is it?
Ha-ha, real funny!
Now, just make it stop please.
Hey, hey, now! Don't go
waving that thing over here.
If it were to explode
near me,
well, that'd be bad news
for everyone.
Wait a second!
I'm sorry for what I said!
Really, I mean it!
[guard]
Hey, be careful, missy!
Get any closer to me,
we're gonna have a problem!
[smirks]
I'm begging you!
Just make this damn noise
go away
before my wrist goes--
Boom!
-[shrieks]
Hell, yeah!
That ought to teach you!
You're falling right on top
of some alligator shit!
[exhales]
[squishes]
-Huh?
-[panting]
It stopped beeping.
[Jolyne] Oh, dear!
Stop panicking, Ermes!
That fall could've
been real bad.
Don't you see that beeping
was just there to warn you?
You weren't in any danger.
Right, Mr. Guard?
[gasps, grumbles]
[Ermes] Piece of shit guard.
What the hell is
with that guy?
So that Stand was yours, huh?
[gasps]
[inmate 1] What the heck?
Why'd we even look here?
There's only a tractor
and bags of flour everywhere.
[inmate 2] There's no point
in even checking inside.
If they could be found here,
they wouldn't have needed
a stupid search party
in the first place.
Ugh, what?
Are you serious right now?
[gasps]
[Ermes] Look,
that's gotta be it, Jolyne!
I think you're right.
It's the same shape as
the tractor we saw
from the disc's recording.
Same number too.
[theme music playing]
[Ermes] Yeah, it's got
the same vehicle number.
Four, just like the disc.
They should be in that tire.
If we can remove it,
we'll find the discs inside.
Listen carefully!
We will now be moving
our search to the marshland!
It's possible that
our missing convicts
were attacked by gators
or drowned in the water!
Now, get swimming!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Who exactly do you think
is getting in that water?
'Cause it ain't gonna be me.
Let's go!
[inmate 4] He can ride that
on land and water?
You've gotta be kidding me.
If we step foot in that marsh,
we're just asking
for diseases.
[inmate 2]
This is so annoying.
Let's take it off.
Now's our chance
to remove that tire.
Hey, Jolyne. You feel that?
Something real strange
is going on here.
I mean,
this is definitely bizarre.
Yeah. If we don't remove
the tire right now,
the guard will keep moving
farther away from us.
That's not what I'm saying.
Don't you remember
what the chief said
when we started?
He mentioned five people.
-Right?
-[gasps]
Before we left,
he definitely said,
"Five of you should be fine."
But now, there are six of us!
Hey, Jolyne. What the hell
do you think is going on?
If you include
the two of us...
there are six of us here!
I'm pretty sure when
we took off earlier,
there were only five.
but I never took a good look
at the other girl's faces.
Jolyne, do you see
the same thing?
I can't say for sure.
I was so focused on running.
Although, everyone
is wearing a handcuff.
[inmate 4] This is weird.
Were there always...
six of us here?
-[both gasp]
-I mean, from the beginning?
Yo! What'd you just say?
So you noticed it too, huh?
[exhales nervously]
You're thinking that
when we all first started,
there were only five of us,
aren't you?
Do you have any idea
when and who came in?
Not really.
And I might just be mistaken.
Besides,
it doesn't really matter
how many there are.
[inmate 1]
I can vouch for her.
She was with me
from the beginning.
I remember her.
Her name is Atroe.
I always see her
getting bullied.
You volunteered
for this search
because your bullies
didn't come along.
That right?
Sorry, but I have no idea
who you are.
-Hey!
-[beeps]
[gasps] Wait, hold on,
what's happening?
I didn't do anything.
Why is my handcuff beeping?
-[beeping]
-[gasps] Mine is too!
Yeah, same here!
-Huh?
-Hey, what the hell?
Now everyone's cuff
is beeping!
The motorbike went more
than 50 meters away!
But how?
It shouldn't be that far!
[gasps] The...The guard
isn't there anymore!
[gasps] Where did he go?
[panting]
The motorbike is covered
in blood!
Wh--Why though?
I think I know why
all the cuffs keep beeping!
It's gotta be because
the guard's body
is moving farther away
from where we are!
Could he have fallen into
the water
and is being washed away?
Ugh, just find
that stupid prick!
Wherever he is, he's more
than 50 meters away!
This ain't good!
[beeping quickens]
Uh-oh. Hey, you guys!
This is bad!
Mine is getting really fast!
[all screaming]
There's no way!
[inmate 1] Sh--She's dead...
[Jolyne] Could it be...
the additional person
decided to attack?
Is it because we got
too close to those discs
hidden away
in the storehouse?
[inmate 1] Look 50 meters
in the opposite direction
from the girl that blew up.
[panting] He's over there!
Let's get to
the guard, hurry!
If we're close to him,
this beeping will stop
and we won't explode too!
Hey, watch your back, Jolyne.
No doubt the enemy
has got to be
one of those three girls and
an enraged psychopath!
Personally, I already know
who I'm suspicious of.
I bet it's that chick
with the undercut.
I mean, the girl
who blew up did say
she didn't know who she was!
It's gotta be her,
I'm tellin' you!
She used her Stand
to take out the guard!
And before she kills us,
we gotta get the bitch.
Hold on a second, Ermes.
Let's say our culprit
is who you think it is.
If that were the case,
doesn't that mean
she would've been guarding
the discs in that storehouse
since before we showed up?
Yeah, I guess
that's just about right.
But that's impossible.
She's still a prisoner,
and there's no way a prisoner
can guard something 24/7.
-[water sloshing]
-[gasps]
-[sloshing]
Jolyne, stand back!
Something is in there!
What? Where?
Stay the hell away
from the water!
There's somethin'
in this bucket!
Ermes, hey.
Did you really see something?
No...
Guess it was nothing.
But still, I won't be going
in this marsh ever again.
Stay close, Jolyne.
The last thing we need is to
get separated from each other,
especially since we have
no idea who the enemy is.
You're right.
And we've still got
these troublesome handcuffs
to deal with.
In order to take the discs
from the storehouse,
we have to make sure
we stay within
50 meters of the guard's body,
and the other three prisoners.
[gasps]
[gasps] Ermes!
[gurgling]
[grunts] What the shit
was in that bucket?
Grabbed my face out of nowhere!
-[indistinct noises]
-[gasps]
What is that thing?
Some kind of demented flea?
[squirming]
Wha--? It split in two!
No, now there's four of them!
What are they? Huh?
[squirming]
It was stupid to think that
there wasn't anything
in the bucket.
If I'd taken a second
to look more carefully,
I'd seen that there were
countless little bastards
swimming in the water!
[gurgling]
[muffled gasp]
Smack!
[gasping for air]
Ermes, you're--! [grunts]
Jolyne! Stay away!
This water is a death trap,
and it's getting deadlier
by the second!
I-- I don't know how,
but this Stand
multiplies in the water!
Get out of here!
You can't catch up!
This was all part
of this Stand's plan!
[frustrated grunt]
Stone Ocean!
Don't worry, I'll save you.
[Ermes] Jolyne...
She's walking on
woven threads?
[grunts] If you're using
that much thread,
doesn't that mean
you're losing body mass
every time you take
a step over here?
Jolyne, just get outta
the water!
Save yourself!
I can take care of this!
[roaring]
Ora!
[surprised gasp]
-[grunts]
-Impossible!
[confused grunts]
[Jolyne] Yes, that's right.
It definitely feels impossible.
Good freakin' grief...
If I hadn't taken out
all of that thread
from body,
I'd be dead right now.
This thing's power...
Her guts are
completely hollow.
She let that thing hit her,
so she could grab its hand!
[screams in pain]
[gasps] Ora!
Jolyne! We have to hurry
and get out of the water!
Don't stand up
just yet, Ermes!
[Ermes] That parasitic fuck
is really just a bunch
of tiny little Stands
clustered together!
They were hiding in the water
of the bucket I kicked.
Then when I turned around,
they dragged me in!
I understand that.
That's why I'm asking you
not to stand up.
You gotta grab onto it
under the water.
The thread
that I'm releasing!
[squealing in pain]
[squealing]
It's quick. Powerful too,
but this speed's crazy.
What the hell is that thing?
As the Stand moves farther
away from its user,
it should become weaker
and slower.
[gasps] Son of a--!
Calm down, Jolyne.
I gave our pursuer here
a sticker.
I managed to slap one on it
when I was caught in its arms.
This is what my Stand can do!
I'll rip it off now!
[crash]
[screams in pain]
[panting]
-[snarls]
-[Jolyne] Get back!
Away from the water!
[growling]
[both gasp]
It's not coming onto land.
As I thought.
It can only attack
when its prey
is in the water with it.
[inmate 2] Please respond!
This is prisoner number
FE32125!
It's an emergency!
The guard got
into an accident!
Somebody please
just hurry up and help us!
What the hell was going on
with the two of you?
It almost looked as though
you were running on top
of the water earlier.
Stop right there!
Unless you wanna die, move!
All three of you,
get away from the water!
[all gasp]
Don't go trying to do
anything funny.
The enemy here...
is one of you!
[tense grunt]
If we wanna grab the discs
in the storehouse,
first we have to
take care of the Stand User.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]